documentation/wiki/unity-engine-guide/content-directory-structure/scenes.md, before:

# Scenes

All Files Belong In A Folder Called Scenes, Scenes files are incredibly special and it is common for every project to have its own map naming system, especially if they work with sub-scenes or streaming scenes. No matter what system of map organization is in place for the specific project, all scenes should belong in `Assets/Scenes`.

Being able to tell someone to open a specific map without having to explain where it is is a great time saver and general 'quality of life' improvement. It is common for scenes to be within sub-folders of `scenes`, such as `Scenes/Campaign1/` or `Scenes/Arenas`, but the most important thing here is that they all exist within `Assets/Scenes`.

This also simplifies the job of baking for engineers. Wrangling Scenes for a build process can be extremely frustrating if they have to dig through arbitrary folders for them. If a team's Scenes are all in one place, it is much harder to accidentally not bake a map in a build. It also simplifies lighting build scripts as well QA processes.

Commit message:

GITBOOK-61: change request with no subject merged in GitBook

documentation/wiki/unity-engine-guide/content-directory-structure/scenes.md, after:

# Scenes

### All .scene files must be under scenes folder

All scene files should be under "Assets/scenes" there can not be any other place with a scene file except for library example scene but these should generaly not be included when importating or removed after finishing the library.&#x20;

## Folder structure

Depending on the type of game you make the structure can change but we did it the following:

```
Assets/
└── Scenes/
    ├── MainScene.scene //always the first scene the user goes to. 
    ├── Levels/   
    │   ├── Level1.scene 
    │   └── Level2.scene 
    └── Testing/   
        ├── fvxTest.scene 
        └── {scriptName}Test.scene

```



### Scene Naming

For sene naming we don't really have hard rules but a good way of doing it can be seen in the folder structure section&#x20;

1. first scene is called mainScene.scene
2. level scenes have a index indicating the number (first level, second level, etc..)
3. test scenes end with the word test&#x20;
